In German speaking countries children put their shoes on window sills, outside their homes or outside their bedrooms during St. Nikolaustag on Dec.6th.
The mountain range of Germany, Austria, and Switzerland known for its great hiking and skiing is die Alpen – alps.
The highest mountain in Germany located in Garmisch-Partenkirchen is called the Zugspitze.
The traditional costumes worn by men and women in Germany, Austria and parts of Italy and Switzerland are called a Dirndl and Lederhosen.
Germany hosted the 2006 Soccer World cup.
In the book, Strüwelpeter, Strüwelpeter would not cut his fingernails
During Silvester - New Year’s Eve fireworks are set off in Germany.
Munich – München hosts the famous Oktoberfest each year.
If a person is caught riding public transportation without paying it is called Schwarzfahren. You must pay for a ticket.
The most popular sport in the German speaking countries is soccer.
Bremen, Hamburg, and Berlin are all cities in Germany and also states!
The Berlin wall fell in 1989.
The Abitur (Abi) and Matura are exams in Germany and Austria that are equivalent to the ACT/SAT.
On what side of an escalator should a person stand if one is not in a hurry? - On the right!
What is the name of the organized ride-share in Germany? - Mitfahrzentrale
What is the cost for Germans to attend university? - $0, only registration fees
Land is scarce in major cities in Germany—what is the name of the gardens Germans purchase in the country to garden and relax? - Schrebergarten or Kleingarten
Before Germans are allowed to have a church wedding, where must they marry? - das rathaus/city hall
In Germany, a student must do “this” if he/she fails 2 classes. - Sitzen bleiben or be held back	
It is common to see what kind of animal in a German restaurant? - Dog
How many Bundesländer or states are in Germany? - 16
What is the official color of mailboxes in Germany? - Yellow
Name the Austrian architect famous for his unusual and bright buildings? - Hundertwasser
Fondu is a popular dish in what German speaking country? - Switzerland
Germany, Switzerland, Liechtenstein, Austria, Belgium, Luxembourg all have German as an official language. Namibia is southwest Africa that recognises German as a national language.
Liechtenstein is the smallest country in the world to have won a medal at the Olympic games.
Liechtenstein does not have its own airport.
The cuisine in Luxembourg is a fusion of French and German.
Luxembourg has the highest rate of car ownership in the world.
Switzerland has 7000 lakes.
Switzerland has 4 national languages: German, French, Italian and Romansh 
The Red Cross was founded in 1863 in Geneva, Switzerland where its headquarters are located still today.
There are 30 different types of waffles in Belgium.
The Belgian national symbol is a peeing boy named Manneken Pis of Brussels.
Belgians and Germans eat french fries with mayo!
The Smurfs is a Belgian comic strip.
Belgian computer scientist Robert Cailliau co-invented the World Wide Web!
